DOCSP-49282 -- Update Network Security section (#181)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/network-security.txt

Private Endpoints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A private endpoint facilitates a one-way connection from a |vpc| that you manage 

> directly to your {+service+} |vpc|, without permitting {+service+} to initiate a

Reviewer: ```suggestion to your {+service+} |vpc|, without permitting {+service+} to initiate a
```

   :alt: "An image representing how MongoDB Atlas private endpoints work."
   :figwidth: 750px

Multi-Region Considerations
```````````````````````````

- For global private endpoints, |service| automatically generates a |srv| record 

>   that points to all |service| cluster nodes. The MongoDB driver attempts to 
>   connect to each |srv| record from your application, so that the driver can 
>   handle a failover event without waiting for |dns| replication and without your 
>   needing to update the driver's connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that points to all |service| cluster nodes. The MongoDB driver attempts to 
  connect to each |srv| record from your application. This allows the driver to 
  handle a failover event without waiting for |dns| replication and without 
  requiring you to update the driver's connection string.
```

Private Endpoints
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We recommend that you set up private endpoints for all new staging and production 
projects to limit the extension of your network trust boundary.

> In general, we recommend using private endpoints for every {+service+} project, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, we recommend using private endpoints for every {+service+} project 
```

because this approach provides the most granular security and eases the 
administrative burden that can come from managing {+ip-access-list+}\s and large 

> blocks of IP addresses as your cloud network scales. There is a cost associated 
> with each endpoint, so you might consider not requiring private endpoints in 
> lower environments but you should leverage them in higher environments to limit 
> the extension of your network trust boundary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blocks of IP addresses as your cloud network scales. There is a cost associated 
with each endpoint. So, you don't need private endpoints in 
lower environments, but you should leverage them in higher environments to limit 
the extension of your network trust boundary.
```

If VPCs or VNets in which your application is deployed can't be peered with one 

> another, potentially due to a combination of on premesis and cloud deployments, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
another, potentially due to a combination of on-premises and cloud deployments, 
```

you might want to consider a regional private endpoint. 

> With regional private endpoints, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With regional private endpoints, you can do the following:
```

- Connect a single private endpoint to multiple VNets or VPCs without peering 
  them directly to each other.

- Mitigate partial region failures in which one or more services within a region fails.

> To network with regional endpoints, you must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To network with regional endpoints, you must do the following:
```

- Perform regular and robust health checks to detect an outage and update routing. 
  
- Use a distinct connection string for each region.
  
- Manage cross-region routing in |service|. 
  

> - Deploy a Mongos server and an additional metadata server if you are running a 

Reviewer: should this be `mongos`?

  MongoDB version older than v8.0. 

To learn more about private endpoints
in {+service+}, including limitations and considerations, see :atlas:`Learn About Private Endpoints in {+service+} </security-private-endpoint/>`. To learn how to set up private
endpoints for your {+clusters+}, see
:atlas:`Set Up a Private Endpoint for a Dedicated Cluster </security-cluster-private-endpoint/>`.

Cloud Provider-Specific Guidance
`````````````````````````````````
- |aws|: We recommend |vpc| peering across all of your self-managed VPCs that 
  need to connect to |service|. Leverage global private endpoints.

> - |azure|: We recommend vNet peering across all of your self-managed vNets that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |azure|: We recommend VNet peering across all of your self-managed VNets that 
```
